MRKT 320 Q&A 

What is the course title?
Foundations of Marketing (MRKT320)​

What is the course's focus?
This course is designed to build a foundation to enable you to evaluate, describe, and design marketing activities with practical insights into the real world. Like other introductory courses, you will be exposed to and expected to learn the "language of marketing" (that is, terms and concepts) used by practicing marketing managers, the basic decision areas under marketing responsibility (product, price, place, and promotion), and how to apply key frameworks and tools for analyzing customers, competition, and marketing strengths and weaknesses. This course should help you to develop insight into the creative selection of target markets and blending decisions related to the marketing mix (product, price, promotion, and place) to meet the needs of a target market. 

Who is the professor for this course?
Dr. Linlin Chai​, associate professor in Marketing.

How can I reach out to the professor?
The best way to reach Dr. Linlin Chai is via email at linlin.chai@ndsu.edu

How can I meet the professor in person?
Dr. Chai encourages you to meet her via office hours, which are by appointment​. 

What is the course format?
The course is entirely online​ asynchronous.

Where can I access the course materials?
The course materials can be accessed via Blackboard. Log into your NDSU Blackboard, and on the left menu, click "Course Content." All the materials are organized in weekly folders and will be available to students on a weekly basis. Even though this is an online asynchronous course, persistent participation is required through weekly discussions. Please click "Packback Participation" on the left-hand menu and access the Packback discussion platform by clicking the Packback links provided on Blackboard​

How often should I check Blackboard?
This is an online asynchronous course, making it crucial for students to regularly check Blackboard. The professor will post important announcements, so students are encouraged to check Blackboard at least once per day to stay on pace with the class​

What are the office hours for the professor?
By appointment​. Please reach out to Dr. Linlin Chai via linlin.chai@ndsu.edu

What are the course objectives related to global marketing?
This course is designed to help students evaluate, describe, and design marketing activities with a global perspective. It focuses on building an understanding of how global factors influence marketing strategies and decisions, particularly in the areas of product, price, place, and promotion. Students will learn the "language of marketing" used by professionals worldwide and apply key frameworks to analyze global customers, competition, and market dynamics. The course also emphasizes the importance of adapting marketing strategies to meet the needs of diverse global target markets

How can I contact the teaching assistant?
The teaching assistant for this course has not yet been assigned. Once the TA is determined, their contact information will be provided on Blackboard. 

Are there any guest lectures or additional seminars from this course?
Since this course is fully online and asynchronous, there are no guest lectures or additional seminars required. However, if you are interested in being a guest speaker in my other classes to share your learning journey, please feel free to contact me at linlin.chai@ndsu.edu​

Are there any prerequisites or co-requisites for this course that I should be aware of?
The prerequisite for MRKT 320 is a minimum NDSU grade point average of 2.50 and being a major or minor in the College of Business

What is the textbook used for this course?
The textbook for this course is MKTG by Lamb, Hair, and McDaniel. However, to help save students money, Dr. Chai has adopted MindTap for the class. Students can access the textbook chapters by clicking the chapter links posted on Blackboard​​. 

How to access textbooks in this class?
Students can access the eBook via MindTap. Please click the chapter links posted by Dr. Chai on Blackboard, which can be found in the weekly chapter folders. The first time you access MindTap, follow the on-screen instructions to enroll. The NDSU bookstore will automatically bill your account. Please DO NOT use a credit card to pay through the MindTap website, as you will end up paying a higher price and may be charged twice

​What is the textbook's publisher?
The publisher is Cengage. 

Can I use the textbook's mobile app offline?
Yes, the MindTap mobile app allows offline reading

How many book chapters are there?
There are 14 chapters​ covered in this class.

What should I do if I have a question about the textbook?
If you have any questions about the textbook or anything related to this course, please contact Dr. Chai via email at linlin.chai@ndsu.edu​

Can I use previous versions of the textbook for this course?
There is no need for a paper textbook in this course. To help save students money, Dr. Chai has adopted MindTap, which offers a significant discount. You only need to click the chapter links posted by Dr. Chai on Blackboard. As such, everyone will use the same version of the textbook​.

Do I need a code for the Textbook?
No code is needed for the textbook. You can access it directly through the chapter links posted by Dr. Chai on Blackboard​.

What is a lockdown browser?
A Lockdown Browser is a secure browser that locks down the testing environment within Blackboard. It is commonly used in online courses to prevent students from accessing other websites, applications, or resources during quizzes and exams​

How to download lockdown browser?
Please follow the instructions at this link: https://kb.ndsu.edu/page.php?id=101812

How to access quizzes or the final exam via lockdown browser?
After downloading the Lockdown Browser, open it (if you can't find it, type "Lockdown Browser" in the search bar on your computer). Then log into Blackboard through the Lockdown Browser. Click on the quizzes or exams you want to complete. Please note that when you access quizzes or exams via Lockdown Browser, no password is needed. However, if you try to access quizzes or exams through a different browser, which is not allowed, you may be asked for a password. Always use Lockdown Browser to complete your course tasks​

Can you provide me with some instructions for using Respondus LockDown Browser?
Please follow the instructions at this link: https://kb.ndsu.edu/page.php?id=101812

How do I install the Respondus LockDown Browser?
Please follow the instructions at this link: https://kb.ndsu.edu/page.php?id=101812

Can I access quizzes and exams using standard web browsers?
No, you must use Respondus LockDown Browser​.

How do I access Packback for this course?
Please only access Packback through Blackboard to ensure your grades sync properly.
Step 1: Click the "Packback Participation" link within Blackboard.
Step 2: Click the link Dr. Chai posts for each week to access the community and follow the on-screen instructions to complete your registration for the first time.
Packback's support team is available 7 days a week to assist with technical issues. Please do not email Dr. Chai about technical issues; the Packback support team will be able to help faster!
The support link is: https://help.packback.co/hc/en-us

What is the grading weight for 1Q2R participation in my final grade?
1Q2R participation accounts for 20% of your final grade. Each week's participation accounts for 1.33%, with 1Q (the question) contributing 0.67% and 2R (the two responses) contributing 0.67% together

How do I participate in Packback discussions?
Please click the Packback Participation link posted by Dr. Chai on Blackboard. If it's your first time using Packback, follow the on-screen instructions to register. This is only needed for the first-time login. After logging in, click the Packback assignment (e.g., Packback #3). In the upper right corner, you'll see a button labeled "Ask a New Question." Click it to post your question. To respond to others' questions, go to the question you're interested in and click "Add Response." Please do not post your question as a response to someone else's question, as the system will categorize it as R instead of Q, which may cause you to miss the credit for 1Q​.

On Packback Platform, what is the difference between the 'Assignment Feed' and 'Explore' feature?
The Assignment Feed (which is the default when you log in) shows all students' questions in the order they were posted. The Explore feature gives you a better option to search for specific posts. As Dr. Chai mentioned in one of her most recent announcements, she will actively participate in the discussion by providing personalized feedback or comments on students' questions. However, due to the class size (around 240 students), Dr. Chai divides students into sections and focuses on providing feedback to one section at a time. She rotates sections to ensure that everyone receives equal attention. For students who want to track her comments, click 'Explore', then select 'Current Assignments'. Next, select the section Dr. Chai is focusing on for that week, uncheck "Featured Posts," and click 'Update'. You will then see all the posts from that section where Dr. Chai provides customized feedback. From past experience, students have gained more from Dr. Chai's personalized comments, so it is highly recommended to track her comments weekly to deepen your understanding of the course material​

When are 1Q2R due?
1Q is due by the end of Thursday, and 2Rs are due by the end of Sunday. The deadline for both is 11:59 PM Central Time. If you post at 12:00 AM on Friday or Monday, you will have missed the deadline, and the system will not give you credit for your missed participation.

When can I expect Dr. Chai to provide personalized feedback to my question?
Due to the large size of the class, with around 240 students, it is not possible for Dr. Chai to provide personalized feedback for everyone every week. To better manage the class, she has divided the students into 5 sections based on their family names. In Week 1, she typically welcomes everyone, and starting from Week 2, she will focus on addressing questions from one section each week, rotating between groups to ensure every student receives equal attention throughout the semester. You should be able to find her participation schedule table, usually posted in the "Packback Participation" section on Blackboard, and follow that schedule to know when she will be providing feedback to your section.

Who should I contact if I have a technical issue with Packback?
When you first sign in, the platform will ask you to select the section based on your family name. However, the sections do not impact your participation. On your homepage, you will still be able to see everyone's questions and can respond to any question that sparks your curiosity. These sections are used by Dr. Chai to manage the large class size. As mentioned in a recent announcement, each week, Dr. Chai will focus on providing customized feedback to about 50 students in one section and rotate sections weekly​.
Who to Contact If I Have a Technical Issue with Packback?
Packback's support team is available 7 days a week to assist with all technical issues. Please do not email Dr. Chai with Packback technical problems; their team will be able to help you faster! You can access support at the following link: https://help.packback.co/hc/en-us​

What does it mean when your post is flagged?
Packback's AI may "flag" posts that potentially violate community guidelines. Your post may be auto-flagged for reasons such as:
* Plagiarism, including AI-generated content
* Closed-ended questions
* Class logistics posts
* Low-effort or poorly detailed posts​

What should I do if my Packback post is flagged?
If your post is "Flagged," you have not yet lost points! At this stage, your post is still published and counts for credit. Flagged posts are reviewed by moderators and the professor. If your post is "Moderated," you will receive an email notification. The moderated post is then unpublished and no longer counts for credit. From the email, you can "edit & re-publish" the post. Doing so will allow you to earn back your points without penalty, as long as you edit it before the due dates. 

How will my 1Q2R participation be evaluated?
To earn full credit, you must post 1Q by Thursday and 2R by Sunday, with each post achieving a minimum curiosity score of 70. 1Q is worth 50 points, and 2R is worth 50 points total (25 points each). If you miss the 1Q deadline but complete 2R, your participation grade will be 50 instead of 100. If your participation grade is below 100 for the week, it may be due to missing deadlines, not meeting the minimum curiosity score, or both.
As stated in the syllabus, 1Q2R participation accounts for 20% of your final grade, with each week's participation contributing approximately 1.33%. For example, if you earned 50 out of 100 points in Week 1, you have already lost about 0.67% (half of 1.33%) from your final grade.

What is the purpose of the Packback Discussion Platform?
The Packback Discussion Platform is an effective tool for online participation that provides students with instant feedback to improve the way they present information. Communication is extremely important in marketing. Think of it this way: everyone can draft a one-page resume, but not everyone secures their desired job. Similarly, anyone can do a one-minute elevator pitch to an HR representative, but not everyone moves to the next round of interviews. Why? The same qualifications can lead to different outcomes depending on how effectively you present your information. When you draft your questions or responses on Packback, the platform gives you specific suggestions on how to improve your writing. 
Additionally, your questions will receive personalized feedback from Dr. Chai 4-5 times throughout the semester, providing valuable comments on marketing-related content. The platform also allows you to easily search posts that interest you and respond to those that spark your curiosity.
In summary, Packback not only helps you practice presenting information effectively-an essential skill in marketing-but also enhances online interaction with Dr. Chai and your peers. Learning from each other is one of the most effective ways to learn​.

What is Packback curiosity scoring system?
The Curiosity Score measures the quality of all questions and answers on Packback. Every post earns a score out of 100, based on three factors:
* Depth: How thoughtful and detailed your question or response is.
* Credibility: Citing high-quality sources to support your ideas.
* Presentation: Properly formatting your post using the Text Editor and inserting images or videos when appropriate.
For more details, you can refer to the following links:
* Curiosity Scoring System: https://www.packback.co/news/introducing-the-packback-curiosity-scoring-system/
* How to ask quality questions: https://www.packback.co/pedagogy/how-to-ask-quality-questions-on-packback/
* How to post a quality response: https://www.packback.co/pedagogy/how-to-post-a-quality-response-on-packback/​

How can I earn bonus points by "sparks"?
In 1Q2R participation, if a post sparks your curiosity, you can give that person a spark by clicking the icon in the upper right corner of the post. The rank of the sparks you receive by the end of the semester will contribute to bonus points in your final grade. You can earn up to 2% bonus points based on the following scale:
1. 90.00% and above: 2%
2. 80.00% to < 89.99%: 1.5%
3. 70.00% to < 79.99%: 1%
4. 60.00% to < 69.99%: 0.5%
5. Less than 60%: 0%
The number of sparks you receive usually indicates how engaging or attractive your post is to your peers.

Where can I find the weekly participation question?
You can find the weekly participation question in two ways.
1. On Blackboard, click "Packback Participation," and you will see the question within the description of the Packback link.
2. Each week, Dr. Chai will post a guidance post on Packback Platform, which includes the question for that week

What should I include in my 1Q2R participation to get full credit?
To get full credit, you need to meet the following criteria:
1. The question (1Q) you post should be related to the chapter covered that week (make sure to read the participation question for that week).
2. Post 1Q before the end of Thursday (11:59 PM Central Time) and 2R before the end of Sunday (11:59 PM Central Time).
3. Each post, both 1Q and 2R, should maintain a minimum curiosity score of 70 to receive full credit

Why didn't I receive full credits for my Packback participation?
The most common reasons for not receiving full credit are:
1. The question you posted was off-topic or not relevant to the content covered in the chapter for that week.
2. You missed the deadline for 1Q (end of Thursday, 11:59 PM Central Time) or for 2R (end of Sunday, 11:59 PM Central Time).
3. Any of your posts did not meet the minimum curiosity score of 70, meaning it did not meet the quality requirement.
4. Your grade did not sync properly with Blackboard. Please make sure to click the participation link Dr. Chai posted on Blackboard.
If you believe you meet all the requirements and still don't receive full participation credit, please contact Dr. Chai via linlin.chai@ndsu.edu​

How do I ensure my Packback posts are not flagged?
Common reasons posts get flagged include:
1. Plagiarism, including AI-generated content
2. Closed-ended questions
3. Class logistic posts
4. Low-effort or poorly detailed posts
To avoid getting flagged, make sure your posts do not have any of these issues. If you believe your post meets all the requirements and should not have been flagged, please contact Dr. Chai at linlin.chai@ndsu.edu

What happens if I don't meet the curiosity score requirement for Packback posts?
According to the syllabus, if you fail to meet the minimum curiosity score of 70, you will receive half credit for posts with a curiosity score below 70. For example, if your 1Q has a curiosity score lower than 70, you will receive 25 points out of 50. Similarly, if one of your 2R posts has a curiosity score below 70, you will receive 12.5 points out of 25. You can see your curiosity score immediately after posting, and you are can edit your question or response before the deadline to improve your curiosity score and earn full credit​. 

How can I get feedback on my Packback posts if they are flagged?
After your post is flagged, you will receive an email from Packback indicating the reason it was flagged. You can then revise your post before the due date to resolve the flag issue and ensure it meets the requirements.

Can I resubmit Packback posts if they don't meet the curiosity score?
Yes, you can edit your post following the platform's instructions to improve your curiosity score and resubmit it. If you do this before the deadline and your curiosity score increases above 70, you will still receive full credit​. 

How are assignments and quizzes submitted?
Quizzes and assignments must be submitted via Blackboard. Please open your Lockdown Browser, log into Blackboard through that browser, and complete your quizzes there. Students are responsible for successfully submitting their coursework. Each time you submit, you should receive a confirmation email from admin@blackboard.ndsu.edu with a unique confirmation ID. Please save a copy of each confirmation email as proof of successful submission. If you don't receive the email, double-check your submission. If you experience any technical issues, please contact ITS for assistance

What is the submission policy?
Quizzes and assignments must be submitted via Blackboard. Please open your Lockdown Browser, log into Blackboard through that browser, and complete your quizzes there. Students are responsible for successfully submitting their coursework. Each time you submit, you should receive a confirmation email from admin@blackboard.ndsu.edu with a unique confirmation ID. Please save a copy of each confirmation email as proof of successful submission. If you don't receive the email, double-check your submission. If you experience any technical issues, please contact ITS for assistance

What should I do if I don't receive an email confirmation from Blackboard after submission?
If you don't receive the email, double-check your submission. If you experience any technical issues, please contact ITS for assistance

What is the policy on make-up quizzes and exams?
An unexcused absence from a quiz or exam is recorded as a grade of zero. The following are the acceptable excuses for a make-up:
1. If submitted prior to the day of the scheduled quiz/exam:
A written and signed explanation must be provided, explaining why the quiz/exam will be missed. Acceptable reasons include illness or required professional travel, while discretionary or personal travel is not. Make-up quizzes/exams will not be accommodated for vacation plans, extra study time, or scheduling conflicts with other exams or assignments. The explanation should include corroborating documentation, such as names and contact information, and must be accepted by the professor prior to the missed quiz/exam.
Evidence from a university official is required if the absence is due to university-sanctioned travel or extracurricular activities.
2. If submitted on or after the day of the scheduled quiz/exam:
A note from a physician, university dean, spouse, parent, or yourself must be provided, explaining an illness or other extraordinary circumstances that prevented you from taking the quiz/exam and could not be planned for in advance. Corroborating information should be provided.
In cases where a make-up exam is offered, the professor reserves the right to change the content and format of the exam. Prior approval from the professor is required, and the make-up exam must be completed within two business days of the missed exam​

Can make-up policy accommodate my personal travel plans?
The make-up policy does not accommodate vacation plans, extra study time, or scheduling conflicts with other exams or assignments. Please contact Dr. Chai, and she will let you know if your personal reason meets the requirements for the make-up policy. 

What is the maximum number of attempts allowed for quizzes and mini-case quizzes?
Each quiz allows students 2 attempts. However, you are not required to take it twice. If you are not satisfied with your first attempt score, you are welcome to try a second time. The system will automatically capture your highest score.

Are chapter quizzes, mini-case quizzes, and the final exam timed?
Chapter quizzes, mini-case quizzes, and the final exam are not timed. However, it is recommended to complete each quiz in one sitting because if the time lag is too long, the Lockdown Browser may kick you out of the quiz. Whether you can resume your quiz depends on how long the time lag is. Therefore, I suggest finding enough time to complete the quizzes in one go. If the time lag is short, you can usually resume where you left off, but if it's too long, you may need to use your second attempt to redo the quiz​.

Are chapter quizzes, mini-case quizzes, and the final exam open-book or close-book?
Chapter quizzes, mini-case quizzes, and the final exam are open-book. However, you need to use the Lockdown Browser, which locks your exam environment until you complete and submit your quiz. This means you won't be able to access any other apps or websites on your computer during the quiz​. 

What should I do if I need to make up a quiz or exam?
* Make sure you understand and follow the makeup exam policy. If you are unsure about anything, feel free to contact Dr. Chai via linlin.chai@ndsu.edu.
According to the makeup policy, an unexcused absence from a quiz or exam will result in a grade of zero. Acceptable excuses include:
* If submitted prior to the day of the scheduled quiz/exam:
o A written and signed explanation is required, detailing why the quiz/exam will be missed. Illness or required professional travel is acceptable, but personal travel is not. Make-up quizzes/exams will not accommodate vacation plans, extra study time, or scheduling conflicts. The explanation should include corroborating documentation, and must be accepted by the professor before the missed quiz/exam.
o Evidence from a university official is also required if the absence is due to university-sanctioned travel or extracurricular activities.
* If submitted on or after the day of the scheduled quiz/exam:
o A note from a physician, university dean, spouse, parent, or yourself explaining an illness or extraordinary circumstances that prevented you from taking the quiz/exam. Corroborating information must also be provided.
In cases where a makeup exam is allowed, the professor may change the content and format. Prior approval from the professor is required, and the makeup must be completed within two business days of the missed exam

Are late submissions accepted for quizzes and exams?
Late submissions are not accepted for quizzes and exams​

What is the penalty for not submitting a quiz or exam on time without an excuse?
According to the makeup policy, an unexcused absence from a quiz or exam will result in a grade of zero.

What should I do if I have another exam or assignment on the same day?
You have the entire week to complete quizzes/exams. If you have other exams or assignments from other classes, please make sure to plan ahead and allocate your time effectively​. 

How are mini-case quizzes different from chapter quizzes?
Mini-case quizzes focus more on real-world application, requiring you to apply what you've learned from the chapter to a real business scenario​.

How many Chapter quizzes/mini-case quizzes are there?
There are 14 Chapter quizzes and 14 mini-case quizzes during the semester. 

What is the grading weight for Chapter quizzes and mini-case quizzes in my final grade?
Chapter quizzes account for 30% of your final grade, while mini-case quizzes account for 15%. Missing one chapter quiz will result in a 2.14% deduction from your final grade, and missing one mini-case quiz will lead to a 1.07% deduction.

How many attempts are allowed for the final exam?
2 attempts are allowed for the final exam. 

Where do you submit your final exam?
The final exam must be submitted via Blackboard. Please open your Lockdown Browser, log into Blackboard through that browser, and complete your final exam there. Students are responsible for successfully submitting their coursework. Each time you submit, you should receive a confirmation email from admin@blackboard.ndsu.edu with a unique confirmation ID. Please save a copy of each confirmation email as proof of successful submission. If you don't receive the email, double-check your submission. If you experience any technical issues, please contact ITS for assistance

What type of questions are on the final exam? Are they cumulative?
The final exam consists of 100 multiple-choice questions, similar to the ones from the chapter quizzes. No mini-case questions are included in the final exam. However, it is cumulative and includes questions from each of the 14 chapters covered in the class. 

What should you do if you experience technical issues with Blackboard?
Please contract ITS for help: https://www.ndsu.edu/it/help/

What should I do if I miss a quiz or exam without prior notice?
Dr. Chai appreciates being informed before the deadline if possible. However, if an emergency arises and you are unable to contact her before the deadline, please reach out to her immediately to see how she can assist you within the policy. If the absence is on or after the scheduled quiz/exam day, you will need to provide a note from a physician, university dean, spouse, parent, or yourself explaining the illness or extraordinary circumstance that prevented you from taking the quiz/exam. Corroborating information should also be provided​

What is the format of the final exam?
The final exam contains 100 multiple-choice questions and is cumulative. You have two attempts to complete the final, which is not timed and open-book. However, it is recommended to complete the final in one sitting because if the time lag is too long, the Lockdown Browser may kick you out. Whether you can resume depends on how long the time lag is. Therefore, it's best to find enough time to complete the final in one go. If the lag is short, you can usually resume where you left off, but if it's too long, you may need to use your second attempt to redo the final, which could create more work than for others​

How will late submission affect my grade for quizzes and exams?
According to the syllabus, late submissions will result in a loss of points. Chapter quizzes account for 30% of your final grade, while mini-case quizzes account for 15%. Missing one chapter quiz will result in a 2.14% deduction from your final grade, and missing one mini-case quiz will lead to a 1.07% deduction. Missing the final exam will cost you 35% of your final grade. If an emergency arises, please ensure that you follow the makeup policy and inform Dr. Chai immediately. 

What happens if I encounter a technical issue during the final exam?
The best course of action is to contact ITS for help with technical issues. However, please keep Dr. Chai in the communication loop so she is aware of the situation and can assist if needed

Can I use notes or textbooks during quizzes and exams?
The quizzes and exams in this class are open notes. However, you need to use the Lockdown Browser, which locks your exam environment until you complete and submit your quiz/exam. This means you won't be able to access any other apps or websites on your computer during the quiz/exam. 

Can I earn extra credit beyond the specified bonus points?
Dr. Chai offers two types of bonus points:
1. Bonus Points (up to 2%): In 1Q2R participation, if a post sparks your curiosity, you can give that person a spark by clicking the icon in the upper right corner of the post. The rank of sparks you receive by the end of the semester will contribute to bonus points. You can earn up to 2% of bonus points based on the following percentages:
o 90.00% and above: 2%
o 80.00% to < 89.99%: 1.5%
o 70.00% to < 79.99%: 1%
o 60.00% to < 69.99%: 0.5%
o Less than 60%: 0%
AI Learning Tools Experiment Bonus (up to 2%): As part of Dr. Chai's ongoing commitment to enhancing your learning experience, she has developed innovative AI-driven tools specifically designed for this course. Be aware that not all semesters will have these opportunities, as the availability of such tools depends on her ongoing development efforts. If there is an opportunity, Dr. Chai will make an announcement on Blackboard. To earn bonus points from participation, you will be given instructions to experience the newly developed tool, helping to validate and improve it for future use​. 

Where can I find additional resources for studying course material?
All course materials are posted on Blackboard. Please make sure to check Blackboard at least once per day to stay updated​.

What is the grading weight for the final exam in my final grade?
The final exam accounts for 35% in your final grade. 

What are the bonus points based on?
Dr. Chai offers two types of bonus points:
1. 1Q2R Bonus: Based on the number of sparks you receive from your peers.
2. AI Learning Tools Experiment Bonus: Based on your participation in experimenting with the new AI tools Dr. Chai has developed for future classes

What is the maximum percentage for bonus points?
The maximum percentage for bonus points is 2% for 1Q2R sparks and 2% for the AI Learning Tools Experiment, for a total of up to 4%​

What are AI learning Tools experiment Bonus?
As part of Dr. Chai's ongoing commitment to enhancing your learning experience, she has developed innovative AI-driven tools specifically designed for this course. Be aware that not all semesters will have these opportunities, as the availability of such tools depends on her ongoing development efforts. If there is an opportunity, Dr. Chai will make an announcement on Blackboard. To earn bonus points from participation, you will be given instructions to experience the newly developed tool, helping to validate and improve it for future use​. 

Is participation in the AI learning tools experiment mandatory?
Participation in the newly developed tools is not required. It is optional and part of the bonus points you can earn based on your participation​.

How can I participate in the AI Learning Tools Experiment Bonus?
Participation depends on the type of AI tool Dr. Chai develops. She will provide specific instructions for each tool. Please keep an eye on the announcements for updates

What Is the One-Time Makeup Opportunity in This Class?
Dr. Chai understands that people sometimes forget things, especially during the first couple of weeks, which can be chaotic for many of you. With new students enrolling or dropping, it often takes 2-3 weeks for everything to settle down. To support you in managing these transitions, Dr. Chai offers a one-time makeup waiver opportunity. You can use this to make up any missed work from a single week to improve your performance in the course. Use this opportunity wisely, as it is available only once throughout the semester.
This waiver allows you to make up all missed work within the same week (e.g., 1Q, 2R, chapter quiz, mini-case quiz), but not across different weeks. For example, you cannot use it to make up a 1Q2R from Week 2 and a chapter quiz from Week 3. If you wish to use this opportunity, please send Dr. Chai an email with the subject line "One-Time Makeup Waiver Request" and specify which assignments you would like to make up and for which week.
This opportunity is separate from the standard makeup policy. 

What Is Your Suggested Order for Completing Tasks Each Week?
For weekly task completion, I suggest the following order:
1. Read the textbook/PPT
2. Post 1Q
3. Complete Chapter Quiz
4. Complete Mini Case Quiz
5. Post 2R
Starting early in the week rather than waiting until the last minute can help you avoid issues like internet problems. Plan ahead to manage any potential emergencies. This is my suggestion based on student requests; however, if you have a schedule that works better for you, please follow your own study pattern​

What Is Your Policy About Signing the Acknowledgment Form?
In Week 1, students are required to sign the acknowledgment form. The points for signing this form are not part of your final grade; however, failure to do so will prevent you from accessing upcoming quizzes, and you will receive zeros for those quizzes

Are MindTap Questions Required?
Only the quizzes posted on Blackboard count toward your final grade. MindTap quizzes are good practice but not required. 

Where Can I Access Prior Communication Records?
You can access all our communication records by checking the announcements on Blackboard​. 

What Are Weekly Insight Posts from the Professor?
Each week, Dr. Chai will post insights from the chapters, including key takeaways and real-world applications. She will also share hot topics in the marketing industry to give you a sense of the industry's direction. Please ensure to read these posts, which she pins at the top of your Packback page.

What If I Have a Technical Issue Accessing MindTap (Textbook)?
If you encounter any technical issues, please contact Marty Livingood via Marty.Livingood@cengage.com. You can also ask for his office hours and join one to get help from him.

What Should I Do If I Was Kicked Off by Lockdown Browser?
Usually, you can resume the prior quiz by re-accessing it if the time lag is not too long. However, if the time lag is too long, you may need to restart the quiz or exam​.

Should I Rely on Total Points Given by Blackboard to Calculate My Final Grade?
You cannot rely on the total points given by Blackboard because the points you see assume that each component has equal weight, which is the default setting. However, as outlined in the syllabus, each component has different weights. 
To accurately calculate your cumulative percentage, you should use the grade calculator Dr. Chai uploaded to Blackboard. You can also use this calculator to simulate different scenarios and understand how your final grade might change with various efforts​.

I Love Professor Dr. Chai's Class. Where Can I Nominate Her Efforts?
Dr. Chai aims to offer a personalized learning experience for each student using many innovative technologies. If you would like to nominate her for the NDSU Innovation in Teaching Award, you can find the form here: https://www.ndsu.edu/otl/faculty_resources/awards/innovation_in_teaching/ 
Please don't feel obligated, but if you believe she deserves the nomination, your support would help recognize her efforts​. 

Can You Open All Course Materials Earlier? 
The course materials are released on a weekly basis every Monday at 8:00 AM Central Time. Due to the size of the class and the various learning styles, it is not possible to open all course materials at once. Please plan your time accordingly​
2


